README.md, before:

# Attend

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/attend`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'attend'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install attend

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/attend.

Commit message:

Add usage instructions to the readme

README.md, after:

# Attend

Register your attendance at Zoho using CLI.

## Installation

Install `attend` Ruby gem:

```bash
gem install 
```

and that's it!

## Usage

First of all you need to set [Zoho Poeople auth token](https://www.zoho.com/people/help/api/auth-token.html) as env variable in your terminal. After that you will be ready to use `attend`. 

```bash
export ZOHO_PEOPLE_AUTH_TOKEN='YOUR_TOKEN'
```


To register attendance on current day:

```bash
attend --email "your.employee@email.com" --check_in "10:00" --check_out "18:00"
# Successfully registered attendance from 2017-07-04T10:00:00+10:00 to 2017-07-04T18:00:00+18:00
```

You can also register attendance for a few days:
 
```bash
 attend --email "your.employee@email.com" --check_in "10:00" --check_out "18:00" --from "04/07/2017" --to "07/07/2017"
 # Successfully registered attendance from 2017-07-04T10:00:00+10:00 to 2017-07-04T18:00:00+18:00
 # Successfully registered attendance from 2017-07-05T10:00:00+10:00 to 2017-07-05T18:00:00+18:00
 # ...
```
